CURSEFORGE.md, before:

# Cobblemon Economy

Cobblemon Economy is a server-focused economy and shop system for Cobblemon on Fabric. It adds NPC shops, dual currencies, rewards, and a flexible JSON configuration.

## Highlights
- Dual currencies: PokeDollars and PCO
- NPC shopkeepers with GUI buy/sell shops
- Item definitions support component syntax (enchantments, datapack items)
- Loot crates via dropTable or Minecraft loot tables
- **Command execution items** - sell commands instead of items (e.g., crate keys, buffs, shoutouts)
- Purchase limits per item with optional cooldowns
- Auto-downloaded shopkeeper skins from server
- Per-world config and SQLite storage
- Capture, discovery, and battle rewards with multipliers
- Fossil revival rewards for shiny/radiant/legendary/paradox Pokémon
- Optional YAWP, Star Academy, and Placeholder API integrations

## Setup
1. Drop the jar into `mods/`.
2. Start the server to generate `world/config/cobblemon-economy/config.json`.
3. Edit shops and items, then run `/eco reload`.
4. Place skin PNGs in `world/config/cobblemon-economy/skins/`.

## Commands
Player:
- `/bal` or `/balance`
- `/pco`
- `/pay <player> <amount>`
- `/convertcobbledollars <amount|all>`
- `/convertimpactor <amount|all>`

Admin:
- `/eco reload`
- `/eco shop list`
- `/eco shop get <id>`
- `/eco skin <name>`
- `/eco item`
- `/balance <player> <add|remove|set> <amount>`
- `/pco <player> <add|remove|set> <amount>`

## Placeholders (Placeholder API)
If `placeholder-api` is installed, Cobblemon Economy exposes balance placeholders for tablists/scoreboards.
Use the placeholder format required by your tablist plugin (often `%namespace:placeholder%` or `{namespace:placeholder}`).

Available placeholders (recommended namespace: `cobeco`):
- `cobeco:balance`
- `cobeco:balance_symbol`
- `cobeco:pco`
- `cobeco:pco_symbol`

Alternate namespaces also registered for compatibility:
- `cobblemon_economy:*`
- `cobblemon-economy:*`

## Config overview
Global settings:
- `main_currency` (`cobeco`, `cobbledollars`, `impactor`; default `cobeco`)
- `startingBalance`, `startingPco`
- `battleVictoryReward`, `raidDenVictoryReward`, `captureReward`, `newDiscoveryReward`, `battleVictoryPcoReward`
- `cobbleDollarsToPokedollarsRate`, `impactorToPokedollarsRate`
- `shinyMultiplier`, `legendaryMultiplier`, `paradoxMultiplier`
- `enableProfiling`, `profilingThresholdMs`

Milestones file:
- `world/config/cobblemon-economy/milestone.json`

Milestone rules:
- File missing: defaults are generated.
- Empty file: defaults are used and saved.
- Keys are unique-capture counts (strings), values are rewards in PokeDollars.

Shop fields:
- `title`, `currency`, `skin`, `isSellShop`, `linkedShop`, `linkedShopIcon`, `items`

Item fields:
- `type` - `"item"` (default) or `"command"` for command execution
- `id`, `name`, `price`, `nbt`, `dropTable`, `lootTable`, `components`, `buyLimit`, `buyCooldownMinutes`, `sellLimit`, `sellCooldownMinutes`
- `command` - Command to execute for `type: "command"` (use `%player%` placeholder)
- `displayItem` - Custom display for command items (`material`, `displayname`, `enchantEffect`)

Item limit rules:
- Missing `buyLimit` or `buyLimit <= 0`: unlimited.
- `buyLimit > 0` and missing `buyCooldownMinutes`: lifetime limit.
- `buyLimit > 0` and `buyCooldownMinutes = 0`: lifetime limit.
- `buyLimit > 0` and `buyCooldownMinutes > 0`: limit resets every N minutes.
- Missing `sellLimit` or `sellLimit <= 0`: unlimited.
- `sellLimit > 0` and missing `sellCooldownMinutes`: lifetime limit.
- `sellLimit > 0` and `sellCooldownMinutes = 0`: lifetime limit.
- `sellLimit > 0` and `sellCooldownMinutes > 0`: limit resets every N minutes.

## Example item entries
```json
{ "id": "minecraft:diamond", "name": "Diamond", "price": 1000 }
{ "id": "minecraft:diamond_sword[minecraft:enchantments={levels:{'minecraft:sharpness':5}}]", "name": "Sharpness V", "price": 5000 }
{ "id": "academy:booster_pack[academy:booster_pack=\"base\"]", "name": "Booster Pack", "price": 100 }
{ "id": "minecraft:chest", "name": "Mystery Box", "price": 500, "dropTable": ["minecraft:diamond", "cobblemon:rare_candy"] }
{ "id": "minecraft:chest", "name": "Dungeon Loot", "price": 1000, "lootTable": "minecraft:chests/simple_dungeon" }
{ "id": "cobblemon:rare_candy", "name": "Rare Candy", "price": 50, "buyLimit": 3, "buyCooldownMinutes": 1200 }
```

Item limit only:
```json
{ "id": "cobblemon:rare_candy", "name": "Rare Candy", "price": 50, "buyLimit": 3, "buyCooldownMinutes": 1200 }
```

Item with components (booster example):
```json
{
  "id": "academy:booster_pack",
  "name": "Oui",
  "price": 200,
  "components": {
    "academy:booster_pack": "\"base\""
  }
}
```

**Command execution item** (executes command on purchase):
```json
{
  "type": "command",
  "command": "crate key give vote 1 %player%",
  "price": 100,
  "buyLimit": 1,
  "buyCooldownMinutes": 1440,
  "displayItem": {
    "material": "supplementaries:key",
    "displayname": "Vote Crate Key",
    "enchantEffect": true
  }
}
```

Capture milestones example (`milestone.json`):
```json
{ "10": 300, "50": 700, "100": 1500, "200": 3000, "300": 6000 }
```

## Support
Discord: https://discord.gg/zxZXcaTHwe

## Integrations
- Raid Dens: raid win rewards via `RaidEvents.RAID_END`.
- CobbleDollars: optional conversion command and backend bridge.
- Impactor: optional conversion command and backend bridge.

Currency backend behavior (`main_currency`):
- `cobeco`: Cobblemon Economy is authoritative and bridges CobbleDollars/Impactor transactions back into CobEco.
- `cobbledollars`: CobEco balance operations route to CobbleDollars balance.
- `impactor`: CobEco balance operations route to Impactor primary currency.

Commit message:

fix(0.0.15): stabilize bridges and mirror external balances
Fix startup issues by removing the Impactor account mixin hook and make CobEco authoritative mode mirror balances to CobbleDollars and Impactor accounts for better cross-mod compatibility. Add join-time mirror sync and recursion guard for CobbleDollars bridge updates.

CURSEFORGE.md, after:

# Cobblemon Economy

Cobblemon Economy is a server-focused economy and shop system for Cobblemon on Fabric. It adds NPC shops, dual currencies, rewards, and a flexible JSON configuration.

## Highlights
- Dual currencies: PokeDollars and PCO
- NPC shopkeepers with GUI buy/sell shops
- Item definitions support component syntax (enchantments, datapack items)
- Loot crates via dropTable or Minecraft loot tables
- **Command execution items** - sell commands instead of items (e.g., crate keys, buffs, shoutouts)
- Purchase limits per item with optional cooldowns
- Auto-downloaded shopkeeper skins from server
- Per-world config and SQLite storage
- Capture, discovery, and battle rewards with multipliers
- Fossil revival rewards for shiny/radiant/legendary/paradox Pokémon
- Optional YAWP, Star Academy, and Placeholder API integrations

## Setup
1. Drop the jar into `mods/`.
2. Start the server to generate `world/config/cobblemon-economy/config.json`.
3. Edit shops and items, then run `/eco reload`.
4. Place skin PNGs in `world/config/cobblemon-economy/skins/`.

## Commands
Player:
- `/bal` or `/balance`
- `/pco`
- `/pay <player> <amount>`
- `/convertcobbledollars <amount|all>`
- `/convertimpactor <amount|all>`

Admin:
- `/eco reload`
- `/eco shop list`
- `/eco shop get <id>`
- `/eco skin <name>`
- `/eco item`
- `/balance <player> <add|remove|set> <amount>`
- `/pco <player> <add|remove|set> <amount>`

## Placeholders (Placeholder API)
If `placeholder-api` is installed, Cobblemon Economy exposes balance placeholders for tablists/scoreboards.
Use the placeholder format required by your tablist plugin (often `%namespace:placeholder%` or `{namespace:placeholder}`).

Available placeholders (recommended namespace: `cobeco`):
- `cobeco:balance`
- `cobeco:balance_symbol`
- `cobeco:pco`
- `cobeco:pco_symbol`

Alternate namespaces also registered for compatibility:
- `cobblemon_economy:*`
- `cobblemon-economy:*`

## Config overview
Global settings:
- `main_currency` (`cobeco`, `cobbledollars`, `impactor`; default `cobeco`)
- `startingBalance`, `startingPco`
- `battleVictoryReward`, `raidDenVictoryReward`, `captureReward`, `newDiscoveryReward`, `battleVictoryPcoReward`
- `cobbleDollarsToPokedollarsRate`, `impactorToPokedollarsRate`
- `shinyMultiplier`, `legendaryMultiplier`, `paradoxMultiplier`
- `enableProfiling`, `profilingThresholdMs`

Milestones file:
- `world/config/cobblemon-economy/milestone.json`

Milestone rules:
- File missing: defaults are generated.
- Empty file: defaults are used and saved.
- Keys are unique-capture counts (strings), values are rewards in PokeDollars.

Shop fields:
- `title`, `currency`, `skin`, `isSellShop`, `linkedShop`, `linkedShopIcon`, `items`

Item fields:
- `type` - `"item"` (default) or `"command"` for command execution
- `id`, `name`, `price`, `nbt`, `dropTable`, `lootTable`, `components`, `buyLimit`, `buyCooldownMinutes`, `sellLimit`, `sellCooldownMinutes`
- `command` - Command to execute for `type: "command"` (use `%player%` placeholder)
- `displayItem` - Custom display for command items (`material`, `displayname`, `enchantEffect`)

Item limit rules:
- Missing `buyLimit` or `buyLimit <= 0`: unlimited.
- `buyLimit > 0` and missing `buyCooldownMinutes`: lifetime limit.
- `buyLimit > 0` and `buyCooldownMinutes = 0`: lifetime limit.
- `buyLimit > 0` and `buyCooldownMinutes > 0`: limit resets every N minutes.
- Missing `sellLimit` or `sellLimit <= 0`: unlimited.
- `sellLimit > 0` and missing `sellCooldownMinutes`: lifetime limit.
- `sellLimit > 0` and `sellCooldownMinutes = 0`: lifetime limit.
- `sellLimit > 0` and `sellCooldownMinutes > 0`: limit resets every N minutes.

## Example item entries
```json
{ "id": "minecraft:diamond", "name": "Diamond", "price": 1000 }
{ "id": "minecraft:diamond_sword[minecraft:enchantments={levels:{'minecraft:sharpness':5}}]", "name": "Sharpness V", "price": 5000 }
{ "id": "academy:booster_pack[academy:booster_pack=\"base\"]", "name": "Booster Pack", "price": 100 }
{ "id": "minecraft:chest", "name": "Mystery Box", "price": 500, "dropTable": ["minecraft:diamond", "cobblemon:rare_candy"] }
{ "id": "minecraft:chest", "name": "Dungeon Loot", "price": 1000, "lootTable": "minecraft:chests/simple_dungeon" }
{ "id": "cobblemon:rare_candy", "name": "Rare Candy", "price": 50, "buyLimit": 3, "buyCooldownMinutes": 1200 }
```

Item limit only:
```json
{ "id": "cobblemon:rare_candy", "name": "Rare Candy", "price": 50, "buyLimit": 3, "buyCooldownMinutes": 1200 }
```

Item with components (booster example):
```json
{
  "id": "academy:booster_pack",
  "name": "Oui",
  "price": 200,
  "components": {
    "academy:booster_pack": "\"base\""
  }
}
```

**Command execution item** (executes command on purchase):
```json
{
  "type": "command",
  "command": "crate key give vote 1 %player%",
  "price": 100,
  "buyLimit": 1,
  "buyCooldownMinutes": 1440,
  "displayItem": {
    "material": "supplementaries:key",
    "displayname": "Vote Crate Key",
    "enchantEffect": true
  }
}
```

Capture milestones example (`milestone.json`):
```json
{ "10": 300, "50": 700, "100": 1500, "200": 3000, "300": 6000 }
```

## Support
Discord: https://discord.gg/zxZXcaTHwe

## Integrations
- Raid Dens: raid win rewards via `RaidEvents.RAID_END`.
- CobbleDollars: optional conversion command and backend bridge.
- Impactor: optional conversion command and backend routing support.

Currency backend behavior (`main_currency`):
- `cobeco`: Cobblemon Economy is authoritative and mirrors balances to CobbleDollars and Impactor when installed.
- `cobbledollars`: CobEco balance operations route to CobbleDollars balance.
- `impactor`: CobEco balance operations route to Impactor primary currency.
